everybody welcome back to windows making
a noise and also northernlion playing
The Binding of Isaac at Birth plus which
is gone swimmingly recently got a good
streak going on and I think we're due to
knock some more greed out if possible
for example this weird question mark
character Ron dumb does not have okay
that's a stupid joke Eve has no greed
mode once we're done with this we maybe
never have to do greed mode ever again
except to get the donation machine to
$9.99 but then I don't even know if you
need to succes low for hb8 see if you
need to get the donation machine in
$9.99 or if it carries over in between
the two different modes I don't believe
that it does but it could this is a
pretty good get right here we can put
ourselves productively into the Whore of
Babylon state and hopefully pick up an
item in the process I'm ready
interesting choice I don't know if I if
I like it or hate it
let's try this on for size okay we got
five extra cents out of that did not
blow up that thing I think we're good to
roll like this oh you know what we
should buy a key yeah by the five cent
key could have gotten a spear at art as
well but I'd rather start with a little
extra momentum a little hon doesn't
really give you much but you know our
damage is five point eight six
regardless that's a really good place to
be
starting your your run ad here obviously
wow that was like really bad I thought
for certain I had that lock down and
then as the shot got closer and closer I
started to question myself but the run
is most delicate at startup
please no portals the run is most
delicate at startup so we're just trying
to be conservative with our HP excuse me
sir conscientious with our surroundings
they I was a genuine terror in my voice
when I said excuse me sir Oh Lord was
standing right next to you no the
enemies that could have ended my own
life well probably I mean I don't want
to say half - let's just say it would be
a strong idea I imagine for us to
purchase some HP related items now that
could just mean a spirit heart and I
think that's the way we would want to do
it but we might actually and this is a
little bit more of a a risky play but I
think just in terms of finances we
should buy a spirit heart and then buy a
red heart that way we can also come back
here and still at least give this guy a
chance to pay out with something what
makes you small not that bad okay I'm
gonna put gonna throw good money after
bad good HP after bad in this case we
got speed plus range as a result you
know what I can live with that I'm also
gonna try to swing for the fences here
that thing traded five cents for three
bombs that's a really good trade that
isn't actually gonna manifest itself
just yet but five cents for three bombs
is a totally fine trade I'm sure we'll
get an opportunity to use those better
in the future I feel okay about this the
speed plus range pickup is not ten out
of ten for us just yet but there may
come a time where one of those stats is
relevant and it could be either of them
as of right now neither of them is
really a big deal but that could change
in the meantime though just do your best
not to take damage we have only been
here once it kind of looks like we've
been playing worse than we actually have
in my opinion a little hot just keeps
this dude afraid the whole time that's
excellent apparently not the whole time
just almost the whole time we'll
probably leave this floor having not
purchased anything except whatever might
sit in the deal with the devil it sets
us back a little bit oh that was
horrible especially when you consider
that financially you know we also spent
money on consumables which is kind of
the cardinal sin of greed mode sometimes
you got to do it but it can it can put
you in a weird spot no question take it
take another little piece of my heart
now baby so the way that we're gonna do
this walk in here put something down see
what you get
crickets head well worth it do that half
a spirit I just took you to three point
eight or sorry plus three point eight to
damage which is in the nines for us I
think this went okay our HP obviously is
in a very delicate spot but we can
actually absorb an HP upgrade like we're
gonna do right there without losing
Whore of Babylon which is extremely
positive and then the other thing is can
one of those bombs that we got for like
1.7 cents each payout and indeed they
did
so we'll now take a key got bomb bag
okay you could spin this as if like bomb
bag was what allowed us to get I'm sorry
as if getting those three bombs is what
allowed us to get bomb bag I was so dumb
I don't necessarily think that's the the
way things happen but if you want to
spin it like that I think it makes me
look smarter than I actually am a lot of
the positive decisions I make an Isaac
essentially come down to happy accidents
a lot of the bad things that happened to
me are unhappy accidents but I'll be the
first to tell you
success is a byproduct of luck to some
extent I think you gotta put yourself in
a position to be lucky I mean Tiger
Woods said you make your own luck in
there's a
knows a thing or two about getting lucky
it's a joke about the fact that he was a
sex addict which is one of the
addictions that it's okay to make fun of
people for relatively speaking if you
were like haha that guy's addicted to
pain meds people would be like that's
very insensitive but if it's a
high-powered celebrity addicted sexual
intercourse you say well joke's on him
he's Weiner in himself and not in that
I'm talking about it the Anthony variety
not of the just a little prick variety
I'm not saying it's right I'm just
reflecting society's standards I'm not
setting them I'm I'm a 28 year old
Canadian I don't choose what what we
laugh at and don't laugh at NL are you
aware that you've lost enough spirit
hearts here to potentially cost you the
whole run yes I am it is the first Isaac
run of the day I don't want to use that
as an excuse necessarily but you know
it's okay to be a little rusty to begin
with oh pretty bad didn't need to use it
but I'm glad we didn't you know what
I'll roll headed cramp is something we
could get good use out of that we got 45
cents but nothing really to do with it
right off the bat so we got a ton of
money stats are very good but we're
still looking for some of the items that
can really break us wide open but the
good news is if we find them we can
definitely buy them right off the bat
hive mind is probably worth giving a
shot to but i've acquiesced it already
so okay rate of fire and DPS as a result
improve it'll buy a key gives us
chemical peel also pretty good our bomb
extravaganza keeps continuing here to a
Diamonds to a hearts pretty garbage what
about now I don't think toothpicks
raises your rate of fire cap I almost
think we should go Maggie's bow which
gives us one HP but allows us to
possibly get something out of this and
also gives us deal with the devil fuel
which is important dish chariot another
great card for this situation right here
I don't think we want mr. boom I'm happy
enough with Krampus I said we got a
little horn which is occasionally quite
nice and destroys anything it hits but I
don't like these items that much so we
might be missing out on toothpicks
admittedly but I'm gonna go for the
re-roll I certainly don't care about
data miner at some point we're gonna
have to pick it up but that item is
garbage and I have put in the time to
determine that it's garbage continue
using bombs we're gonna get more fanny
pack belly button sure I mean we could
try a belly button on for size here and
I think lucky Rock combined with bombs
is pretty positive don't have a ton of
money now so let's just try to get that
set up appropriately okay now we'll
throw some more bombs at the problem
here a lot of good stuff here I think
you go taro cloth but if we could afford
to buy all these items I would love to
buy all these items cuz halo is fine
even if it temporarily loses Whore of
Babylon for us there's no big problem
it's pretty much my ideal wave bombs
that are easy to avoid
she also like try to occasionally if you
got nothing better to do throw out some
shots at rocks because if science breaks
them you get some money out of it either
way we could blow them up for some extra
money regardless because we're getting a
decent number of bombs not really doing
anything else with them but I think
we've broken this one and in a good way
not broken in the sense that like we can
crash the game but we've we've broken
this run wide open we found that the
tactic we needed in order to in order to
get an easy W here for 21 cents do you
go halo or black candle probably um
you're gonna think this is weird but I
think you'd go black candle and he says
that as he's walking over halo which is
what I meant to say of course mm-hmm
no but for real that was a misstep why
would you go why would you go black
candle I'm not worried about ruining
horror Babylon because we'll just buy
something from the deal with the devil
this floor next floor like we're not
gonna get six deals with the devil in a
row that don't have items in all
likelihood we're four or whatever we
however many deals with the devil still
remain but we don't get much of a damage
bonus for Whore of Babylon sorry let me
rephrase we don't get much of a damage
bonus for the halo and if we're already
at the rate of fire cap we're not
getting much out of that either
plus we're already at the speed cap
range is largely irrelevant I actually
have talked myself out of buying the
halo to begin with I don't think it's
necessarily worth it it's hard to look
at in all stats upgrade and say that
this is not something I desire but but
it really isn't is it as long as we're
already capped out and you know the
damage bonus you get from the halo was
like 0.9 or something yeah so we'll just
take pentagram raise our damage being
the Whore of Babylon state we could buy
a halo but I'm not gonna instead I'm
just gonna leave but actually let's make
sure this thing's tapped out
that'll do it starter deck is irrelevant
I think the guy may have just paid 15
cents for a single card because we
already had belly button but the card
was okay here using
the bombs we got from that we can make
our money back but I still hesitate to
say it was a good idea okay down to the
next floor damage DPS even HP is pretty
disgusting here we also saved a little
money by not having to buy keys so maybe
that justice card was okay but it was a
bad decision one way or the other
alrighty seventeen cents this is why I
like having a little HP remaining so we
can play these demon judgements which
have not really given us a bunch of
great stuff so far but they haven't been
too too bad these floors are like carbon
copies and one another I'm kind of torn
here do we want let's try the three cent
item there that actually worked totally
fine
do we want Jesus juice it is a damage
upgrade to of diamonds is huge but we
don't need to use it yet because if we
get to twenty four cents it takes us to
ninety nine which actually okay so we
probably should
in all likelihood by Jesus juice now cuz
we don't need very much money to get to
99 cents regardless we don't have the
money just yet so we'll hold off on that
check this out
not a stone chest for the first time in
Earth's history we're going to win and
I'll tell you straight up I might try
for the greatest gamble mankind has ever
seen what if we try to donate one
hundred ninety eight cents to our
donation machine that's right we get to
99 cents donate it all which is there's
a relatively okay chance that would work
for us then we pop two of diamonds so I
guess we couldn't get the ninety nine we
could donate like 70 cents and then
quadruple with the two of diamonds plus
Tarot cloth and then donate the
remaining ninety-nine so we could donate
like a hundred and sixty cents if the
percentages hold out for us I want to
give it a try cuz I think I mean 14
damage leaves you in a really good spot
with five rate of fire to speed decent
spacebar item etc etc not to mention we
can keep taking items from the deal with
it
so like this this green mode run is
solve 12 minutes in we got no worries
I'm trying to strike a balance by the
way between greed mode and not green
mode like one on one off because some
people really like greed mode some
people are like ok with greed mode some
people don't like it nearly as much as
normal runs and I think to be honest
with you I'm kind of in that bottom camp
like I'm having a relatively fun time
but I am a normal run guy the normal run
is a better it's more restricted which I
think ends up being a positive thing
because it leads to more variety in your
runs
whereas in greed mode there's a lot of
say meanness which is okay I just prefer
I guess I prefer having a little less
choice in the matter I suppose probably
because I'm not from the land of freedom
just not built into my DNA like that
right okay we'll go Guppies head and
hold it because it's like solid and
we'll just keep moving on here the only
thing we really want I mean we'd love to
become guffy and I would I would pay
handsomely to do so HP or money tear
detonators I mean it's okay if we got
better to your effects I might consider
it on this floor but probably not
getting the HP is good because it means
that I can means that I can trade
essentially for free with the deals of
the devil we want to check wherever we
can get cards from because with tarot
clot the cards are on paper twice as
useful but sometimes twice as useful
makes a card vastly more useful than it
would otherwise would be like I think
for spirit arts is better than double as
good as two spirit hearts which is a
sentence that as I said it I said to
myself I've gone cross-eyed both I mean
look at that this time it's not because
of the because of the fact that we
already had the cap but I digress anyway
all I'm getting at is we could probably
buy three sent cards all day and and
essentially make a profit due to taro
cloth
I mean 1/2 of diamonds at the present
moment buys us like 70 cents so not even
worried about our existing HP damage etc
etc like this guy's got to go that was a
pretty bad move but that was though
substantially worse what you're doing
all this to pick up a bomb not necessary
the dream for us right now I would say
is I mean obviously if we get blank card
or something we can just donate forever
especially we have like sharp plug or
something but apart from that the dream
is a deal with the devil that gives us
the gup-e trifecta and once that's done
it's done forever and then I got to
figure out do we still have to grind
greed mode to get to 9 9 9 I'm assuming
the answer is yes but I may be mistaken
here we can move on to greedier which is
a little bit more interesting I think
just because you get you don't get the
keys to the kingdom you know the kingdom
might have left a door ajar or something
but you got to kind of examine the house
and figure out what your point of entry
is gonna be you can't just put the key
in the lock and then turn it and no
surprise it's chaos plus copy again I
think it's a pretty strong indication of
like our strengths in this run right now
that essentially I accidentally just
injured Ragman he offers no
substantiative threat to us there's
actually two champion Ragman and I
didn't even notice another good sign
that is the guppy dream take hairball
because we actually don't want golden
chests and I think as we pick up the two
remaining spirit hearts and I gotta be
honest with you I kind of apologize not
the most engaging greed mode run but I
also did not design the mode like I'm
doing my darndest here
takes us up to 98 cents we probably
could have gotten like another 15 and
bought some stuff there this one's gonna
be a little on the faster side no
question though so we got a key bagger
we can't do anything with we could just
skip this floor not that interested to
spirit hearts I think we should look for
the reroll cuz if we can get a blank
card we can donate even more money I'm
going to also be like kind of hilarious
and blank card is a pretty common get we
don't need any of this it's thing you're
gonna be like Oh take chaos chaos lowers
our odds of getting blank card I believe
sure it could show up in the deal with
the devil as a result but we don't need
99 bombs we don't need blackhole many of
the items that look good we actually
can't benefit from because our run is
already too good to benefit from them
we're probably gonna get a 15 cents so
I'll take champion belt I'll take spider
mod I think we'll blow this guy up and
and basically just put a capstone on
this one like the way I see it there's
nothing that can stop us so again what's
the what's the idea here the idea is
very simple
pretty much like 30 percent of the run
length will probably be us donating to
the donation machine after the run is
over I want to donate from 99 cents or
however many we have but it should be 99
at this point to 24 25 I suppose not
that that's a huge deal we pop two of
diamonds with taro cloth that takes us
to 99 cents it shouldn't have blown up
the key bagger dude that takes us to 99
we donate all of that and then like
we've saved ourselves from having to do
like eight green mode runs to fill the
difference the biggest catastrophe and
as a result what everybody out there
should be rooting for and I take no
offense to it I would feel betrayed if
you weren't rooting against me to some
extent on a run this powerful I'd be
rooting against somebody else that I was
watching I'd be like look at
you know pride comes before the fall
it's a natural human instinct I think to
want to see overconfidence failure
it's the Macbeth principle excuse me
what I would hate to see it thus you
might love to see is it clogging on a
zero percent or 1 percent chance which
would actually be pretty funny although
when I turned off the recording I would
start to cry uh I mean that's just
bounce dude we're good beyond good just
don't accidentally use one of the cards
and you say well what kind of idiot
would do that
you know what channel you're watching
anytime I say don't do this there's
oftentimes a story that'll match it
unfortunately
so you probably could have bought one
more item but you know that it's it's
all intellectual at this point we've
we've had a winning run since like the
fourth floor maybe even since the second
floor we did get a little dicey on the
first floor but since then we've been
completely set we could also we could
probably donate even more because
there's all these guys up here that
could pay out I would guess we're
probably gonna get like 10 to 15 cents
from three or four guys that have a room
that have a I picked up the money like a
moron well talking about not picking up
the money yeah well I guess to be honest
you have to pick up the money cuz if you
don't he's gonna he's gonna eat it and
gain HP so actually I don't feel too bad
about picking up the money there but
yeah I was hoping to save it and then
use it as as fuel to donate so be it I
suppose though
did he pick up a coin and give me a key
from flat penny if so he's a much more
sympathetic character he's like I need
the money but at the same time you can
have the key I know you might need this
more than me what am I supposed to do
I've already I can generate my own keys
infinitely remind you they only lead to
a bunch of little red heads popping out
here but still
okay he's very very nearly dead and as
such the next phase of our master plan
is close to the beginning there are no
hearts good good good good good
so he's done god I hate super armored
dude I know it's like a three year old
argument at this point but black feather
actually a trinket I quite like don't
use it that often because rarely do you
get the opportunity to really have it
surmount another trinket but
occasionally it can be really useful so
the goal here is to donate an absurd
amount we're gonna wait until we get
down to twenty-five cents and if we play
our cards right here we might have one
more greed mode run to max it out and in
that case dude it's been like the most
efficient trip through greed mode ever
if we can defeat greed mode in n runs
where n is the number of characters who
have to defeat greed mode plus one not
quite peak efficiency but pretty close
but actually I think the donation
machine will probably clog I mean you're
taking a minimum 1% chance times the
fact that I want to donate at least
another $0.99 probabilistically speaking
still one penny probabilistically
speaking there's a decent
I started a joke started the whole world
laughing only I couldn't I don't want to
see that's a lewd image yet the joke was
on me for now thanks for watching hope
you guys enjoyed the run if you did
click the like button helps out a great
deal of course subscribe you wanna see
more in the future but for now thanks
for watching and I will see you next
time